## Week 10, in person week 6

##### Awesome Inc. coding bootcamp is and has been a challenging, and rewarding experience. To see my knowledge of programming languages pushed to their limits to construct projects, astounds me. To assimilate knowledge and construct a program in as little as a week, crazy. I came to believe in the phrase there isn't enough hours in the day to get everything done. To me the that was the biggest hurdle to overcome. To plan the scope of the project each week that met the Minimal Viable Product(MVP). Reigning in some of the stretch goal ideas I had helped with the time management side of project development. Also overcoming my aversion to seeking help from others helped my progress. I got in my head too much about not needing to ask for help. This really hampered my firs week of react. The next big hurdle for me to overcome is seasonal depression and getting rest when I need it. Heading into the office and leaving when it's dark is not the lifestyle for me. I'm not built to be a vampire. I'm built to be a coder, which one could say is eerily similar. A coder who needs a sunshine here and there. 
#### 
##### My final project has been looming on the horizon ever since I heard of it seven weeks ago. I dreamed of building a chess bot using machine learning, now realizing that the scope is too much for a two week project. That idea went onto the back burner for a 60 day project. Ideas that can be achieved in two weeks are a puppy tracker app, an anti-user interface, and whatever suggestion someone gives me in next 3 weeks. The puppy tracker app will be similar to a baby tracker app. Tracks what time the puppy went to the restroom, both types, last time its been fed, and last time they went for a walk. Color and pizazz to fit the puppy theme. As for the anti-user interface, it will be a series of buttons to click, and text boxes to fill in. The caveat being buttons move on mouse over, text being hidden, and form boxes erasing the text after a certain delay. Everything not to do for a good user experience. 
#### 
##### This week in the bootcamp was the first shift from front-end technology to backend technology. Javascript to python is a welcome change because I am not a big fan of making front ends. Backend technology just focuses on good, thought out code, that minimizes run time. Learning python itself wasn't as difficult as Javascript, the cause being I have more experience with code. Syntax differences aside, the logic and general flow is easier to follow in python. 