## Week 8, in person week 4.

##### Using a Javascript framework is like learning a different dialect. The two languages share a strong base but very different word usage. Somethings can be done in the same manner, but you need a new preposition to in front of word to talk. Other times a whole words needs to be replaced to stop the screen from screaming red. I hate seeing the console scream red. There is a plethora of easy to follow and digest documentation for React. As long as there is proper documentation for a framework with coded examples than learning a new framework is relatively easy compared to learning that language outright. Learning the language outright comes with many intricacies that differ from other languages. Frameworks do have their intricacies from the base language but the jump from language to language is more vast. Its a smaller jump from base language to framework.
#### 
##### Learning frameworks is a never ending journey just like learning programming languages. I enjoyed React for the ease at appending HTML elements to the page and breaking the front end into small components. I have barely scratched the React in utility and mastery. The seeds of understanding have been planted and I need to nurture them with practice and repetition. Some side fun projects will fill that role nicely. As for the many other frameworks out there, Googling the best JS framework results in too many results to sift through. Luckily individuals in the field longer than me have written plenty of articles about the various frameworks. The one that stuck out to me was Vue.js, primarily for the emphasis on speed. In this age, if a website doesn't load in five seconds or faster, the user is going to click out of it. No one has time for websites to load up slowly. Minimizing the load time is key to keep the clicks on your page and not someone else's. Easy to use, and utilize frameworks make for a good front end experience. Vue.js seems keen and practical to use for these load times. Vue.js is documentation is also coded by a frontend dev, meaning the documentation is easy to read and digest. Every code example has a link that opens up to their playground, a in browser coding editor. Everything a developer needs to learn a framework. 

